
Regression Testing:
------------------
Regression testing technique is used to perform integration and system testing. Regression testing is basically focused on testing 
the existing functionalities which might have affected because of any bug fix, new feature or change in code. 
Regression testing can take a lot of time for bigger applications so it is very important to know how regression testing 
can be performed effectively.

Smoke Testing:
-------------
Smoke testing is the type of testing which is focused on testing the big functionalities of the application. It is used for
the final check when the release is to be handed over to the users or client. Ideally, smoke testing should not take more 
than 30 minutes.

Alpha Testing:
-------------
It is the most common type of testing used in software industry. The objective of this testing is to identify all possible
issues or defects before releasing it into the market or to the user. Alpha testing is carried out at the end of the software 
development phase but before the Beta Testing. Still, minor design changes may be made as a result of such testing. 

Alpha testing is conducted at the developer’s site. In-house virtual user environment can be created for this type of testing.

Browser Compatibility Testing:
-------------------------------
It is a subtype of Compatibility Testing(which is explained below) and is performed by the testing team. Browser 
Compatibility Testing is performed for web applications and it ensures that the software can run with the combination of 
different browser and operating system. This type of testing also validates whether web application runs on all versions of
all browsers or not.

Gorilla Testing:
-----------------
Gorilla Testing is a testing type performed by a tester and sometimes by developer the as well. In Gorilla Testing, one
module or the functionality in the module is tested thoroughly and heavily. The objective of this testing is to check the 
robustness of the application.

Integration Testing:
-------------------
Testing of all integrated modules to verify the combined functionality after integration is termed so. Modules are
typically code modules, individual applications, client and server applications on a network, etc. This type of testing 
is especially relevant to client/server and distributed systems.


